Fix hand cursor position on invention list (#17261)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#17197] Segfault when extracting files from the GOG installer.
- Fix: [#17205] Map generator sometimes crashes when not all standard terrain objects are available.
- Fix: [#17221] Object ghosts and tooltips follow invisible cursor when moving the viewport by right-click dragging.

> - Fix: [#17261] Hand cursor position is incorrect when drag items in invention list window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#17261] Hand cursor position is incorrect when dragging items in the Inventions List window.
```
